Rewrite and refactor all documentation (#5534)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/remapping.md

# Key Remapping

Helix currently supports one-way key remapping through a simple TOML configuration
file. (More powerful solutions such as rebinding via commands will be
available in the future).

> To remap keys, create a `config.toml` file in your `Helix` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remap keys, create a `config.toml` file in your `helix` configuration
```

since this is referring to the directory name and it will matter on case-sensitive filesystems

Keys can be disabled by binding them to the `no_op` command.

> You can find a list of available commands at [Keymap](https://docs.helix-editor.com/keymap.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a list of available commands in the [Keymap](https://docs.helix-editor.com/keymap.html) documentation.
```
